Updated README to include running the examples (#8)
technetos/catalyst: README.md

```sh
$ cargo b
```

> ## Running the example(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running the examples
```

> To run an example, simply run  `$ cargo r --example <name_of_example>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run an example use  `$ cargo r --example <name_of_example>`
```

Lets go ahead and run the `simple_routes` example now:
```
$ cargo r --example simple_routes
```

> Navigate to `http://localhost:8000/foo` and you'll be presented wit the message: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigating to `http://localhost:8000/foo` will present you with the message: 
```

```
{"message":"Greetings earthling"}
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we get rid of some of this extra whitespace?
